# Privacy Policy

Effective date: March 08, 2021

Kirakira Cam is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller during your use of  application including all its features (the “Services").

Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal information) collected or received  when you are using the Services. In this Policy, "personal information" refers to any information or combination of information that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains. Such personal information may include email address,  images, geo-location, identifiable biological information and so on.

BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.



## 1. How We Collect Information
In the process of using this app , Kirakira Cam will, in accordance with the following ways, collect information provided by your during the use of the services information generated by the use of the service, in order to provide such services to you, to optimize our services and protect your account security:
### 1.1 Information you directly provide us
When you are using this app, such as feedback or take part in online activities, we will collect your information including APPID, personal information needed by activities. We will use this information to meet your requirements, provide you with relevant products or services or achieve anti-fraud purposes.
### 1.2 The information we obtained when you are using our services
In order to help you better use our products or services, we may collect and use your relevant information. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Kirakira Cam, the choices you make including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We will explain all these below:
* Usage Information We collect information about your activity and the messages you send and receive through our Services. For example, we collect information such as the time, date, sender of a message.
* Device Information We collect information about your device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers (including MAC address and IMEI), browser type and language, mobile device phone number, and mobile network information. We also collect certain device information that will help us diagnose problems in the (hopefully rare) event you experience any crash or other problem while using our Services. So, for example, if we detect a crash or other problematic event, we may collect the list of apps on your device and other information about your device’s performance at the time of the event for troubleshooting purposes.
* Camera and Photos Many of our services require us to collect images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. We’ll access your camera and photos only after you give us your consent.
* Microphone In order to add your own voice over to your video, you will need to record your voice over. To record sound you will need voluntarily grand permission to access to microphone.
* Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Like most online services, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that store information about your use of the Services, which can, among other things, help us see which areas and features of the Services are popular and let us count visits. Web beacons are small pieces of software on a webpage or email that help us see how you interact with that webpage or email. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
* Kirakira Cam use face recognition technology to recognize faces in photos, videos and camera experiences. We detect facial marks only to provide face recognition contents and facial manipulation features - specifically, to apply filters and makeup on the appropriate face position. The information we collect cannot be used for identifying a specific person at all. This information is processed in real time for providing mentioned features only. Which means, the facial information is neither saved on our servers nor shared with any third parties.
* Metadata Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial intelligence. When you use the Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant products or services to you.

### 1.3 Analytics information
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.

## 2. How We Use Information
Subject to applicable laws and regulations or agreements with users, we may use the collected information in the following ways.  If we use your information for purposes beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and ask for consent.
### 2.1 To provide you with our services
We use your personal information to provide and support the Service.  As part of providing the Service we may send you service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support-related messages through the Service or by email.  We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback.
### 2.2 To meet your personal need
We use the information we collected to carry out internal data analysis and research based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content.
### 2.3 Product development and optimization
We use the information we collect to better understand your interests and the Service, make improvements to the Service and to develop new features and services. When our systems have malfunctions, we will record and analyze the information generated when the system crashes, so as to further optimize our services
### 2.4 To ensure security
We will use your information for identity authentication, safety precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer safety service and other applications.
### 2.5 Push notifications
When you use our services, we may send emails, text messages, news or push notifications to you. You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the device.
### 2.6 To recommend ads, news etc. that you may be interested in to you.
### 2.7 To evaluate and improve the effect of ads and other promotions in our services.
## 3. How We Share, Transfer, Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
### 3.1 Share
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual , except:
+ We may share your personal information with your explicit consent: After granting your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
+ In accordance with relevant laws and regulations or the requirements of government mandatory, we may share your personal information outside of Kirakira Cam.
+ We may share your personal information with the authorized partners: For the purpose stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by the authorized partners. We may share your personal information with our partners, to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need to collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
### 3.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except:
+ Transferring with your explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we may transfer your personal information to other parties
+ During merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this policy; otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to seek for permission from you.
### 3.3 Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
+ When with your explicit consent;
+ When we need to disclosure based on legal requirements: As required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities, we may publicly disclose your personal information.
## 4. Information storage & security
### 4.1 Where Information is Stored
We will act in accordance with laws and regulations and store personal information collected within the territory in China.
### 4.2 The Duration Storing Information
In general, we will keep your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill any of the applicable purposes of use described in this Privacy Policy; or to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
In the event when we cease our products or services, we will notify you in the forms of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information within a reasonable period of time.
### 4.3 Information Security
We use a variety of industry-standard technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  However, the security risk is inherent in all information technology.  Thus, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  If you believe the security of the Service or your personal information has been compromised, contact us immediately.
In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications and announcements.
## 5. Your Rights
In accordance with China's relevant laws, regulations, standards, and common practice in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights to your personal information:
### 5.1 Right to Withdraw Permission
You can change your consent for Kirakira Cam at any time you like in the system settings. We will no longer process your personal information when you withdraw your consent. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out on the basis of your consent.
### 5.2 Right to rectification of inaccuracy or incomplete Information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you.
### 5.3 Right to Erasure
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide our services to you, you can request that we erase your personal information
## 6. Protection of minors
We place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 13, according to the relevant laws and regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be obtained prior to you use of Kirakira Cam service. 
In case we find that we have collected the personal information of minors without the prior verifiable permission from their parents, we will manage to delete the related data as soon as possible.
## 7. Amendments
We may revise this Privacy Policy in due course. 

If you should have inquires, you may contact the company at: 
[helpforapp1024@gmail.com](helpforapp1024@gmail.com)
